


Record date: 2114-03-16

 
 
March 16, 2114
 
Brice Short, M.D.
671 Foundation Street
Lambertville, OK  66399
 
RE:Craft, Lloyd
MRN:26649180
 
Dear Dr. Short:
 
Today I had the delight of seeing your patient Mr. Craft for the 
possibility of central nervous system vasculitis.  As you know, he 
is a 64 year old, right-handed man with an extensive past medical 
history for a rheumatological disease.  His past medical history, 
briefly, is that he was diagnosed with lupus in 2103 and at that 
time he had a butterfly rash, he complained of chronic fatigue and 
he also had what was considered temporal lobe seizures which were 
characterized as complex partial type events, and elevated double-
stranded DNA of 1:80 and ANA of 1:512 with a homogenous pattern.  
All of these suggested that the patient did have lupus.  He was 
treated for approximately three years with prednisone and he notes 
that after medications were added by Dr. Taliyah Hoffman, his 
symptoms and seizures went away.  Since that time, he has had a 
recurrence of symptoms which includes fullness of his face and 
neck, pressure within his head.  He considers himself to have 
vascular headaches with facial weakness, ringing in his ears, 
numbness and tingling of his left hand and arm, excessive 
salivation and increased appetite. In describing his headache, he 
noted that it is primarily a headache which is there every day and 
has a combination of throbbing sensation as well as throbbing 
quality.  It is worse in the frontal temporal area and is not 
associated with nausea, vomiting or paraesthesias.  There is no 
family history of migraines as well.  Also during his headache 
events, he does not notice any decrease in his appetite or any 
nausea or vomiting.
 
Past medical history:  As per above.  Medicval issues include 
bipolar II with ____________ diagnosed in 2110, hypothalamic 
gonadism, hypothalamic hypothyroidism and questionable history of 
migraine headaches.  
 
His current medications include Lamictal, Risperdal, testolactone, 
chromisene, Levoxyl, Altace for hypertension, ibuprofen p.r.n. and 
prednisone p.r.n.  
 
He is allergic to penicillin, Lozol, bee stings and allopurinol.  
There is a questionable history to Aricept which he feels that the 
use of this medication made his current symptoms come out of 
remission.
 
 
Brice Short, M.D.
RE:Craft, Lloyd
MRN:26649180
3-16-14
Page 2
 
 
 
Family history is remarkable for insulin dependent diabetes 
mellitus in father and father also had heart disease.  
 
Social history:  He is a former stage manager.  
 
Neurological exam:  He was awake, alert, oriented x 3.  Attention 
was normal.  Speech was fluent, without dysarthria or paraphasic 
errors.  There is no memory deficit or agnosia.  The patient gave 
a very detailed history of events and no further detailed mental 
status testing was performed.  Cranial nerves:  Bilateral visual 
fields were full.  Disks were sharp.  Fundus was clear.  
Extraocular movements were intact.  There was no nystagmus.  He 
had normal facial sensation and symmetry.  Hearing was grossly 
normal.  Uvula, tongue and palate were midline.  Motor examination 
revealed normal tone and bulk with normal strength.  Deep tendon 
reflexes were symmetrical.  There was no upper motor neuron sign.  
Coordination and gait were normal.  
 
Overall impression:  64 year old, right-handed male with a history 
of lupus in the past.  His recent blood work shows that his 
double-stranded DNA was negative.  Taking into consideration his 
current constellation of symptoms and his MRI reports that I 
evaluated which were completely normal except for small vascular 
disease, at this time he does not fit with the diagnosis of 
central nervous system vasculitis.  He was told that he is at a 
high risk for having a stroke secondary to (1) having high blood 
pressure and (2) having an elevated cholesterol.  If it is 
possible to maintain his blood pressure in good control and start 
a cholesterol-lowering agent, he is to discuss this with you, and 
also consider starting aspirin 81mg PO q.d. for primary prevention 
of heart disease.  He was informed that it is possible that there 
is some element of his immune system fluctuations and possibly his 
hormonal therapies may be contributing to some of his 
symptomatology but the diagnosis or etiology of these symptoms is 
not clear.  
 
Thank you for letting me take part in your patient's healthcare.
 
Sincerely, 
 
 
 
Clarence K. Hart, M.D. 
 
 
Brice Short, M.D.
RE:Craft, Lloyd
MRN:26649180
3-16-14
Page 3
 
 
 
cc:
Mr. Lloyd Craft
009 Buchanan St
Opp, OK  21785
 
YF:LN:4843/DD:3-16-14/DT:3-22-14 
 
 
 ******** Not reviewed by Attending Physician ********




